# Katherine
Katherine was a primary school teacher in [Navlaan](../../Locations/Carthus/Navlaan) before she had to flee the city before the [Assault on Varanoth](../../Events/Assault%20on%20Varanoth.md).

She became a target for the [Paladins of Soliera](../../Groups/Paladins%20of%20Soliera.md) after she was caught teaching anti-paladin topics and criticizing their regime, and the party was sent to track her down for her execution (though, they didn't know it). Once the party became aware of her situation they decided to help her flee the city instead of capturing her. While she was hiding under the [Wanderer's Run](../../Locations/Carthus/Navlaan/Wanderer's%20Run.md) and waiting to escape she became corrupted, giving her another reason to leave.

She ended up in [Sereni](../../Locations/Carthus/Sereni), seemingly cured of her corruption. She was last seen in the basement of the [Padron Family](../../Groups/Padron%20Family.md) with [Itzcoatl](../../Groups/Iperos%20Coalition/Itzcoatl.md) during the [Fancy Funeral Fuckery](../../Events/Fancy%20Funeral%20Fuckery.md).

**The following is from the notes of** [Thomas Vic](../../Player%20Characters/Thomas%20Vic.md):

"_Katherine… Katherine was the catalyst for the first adventure that our intrepid heroes partook in. In_ [_Navlaan_](../../Locations/Carthus/Navlaan)_, Katherine was a primary school teacher and harsh critic of the_ [_Paladin Regime_](../../Groups/Paladins%20of%20Soliera.md) _there. These criticisms eventually culminated in_ [_Secretary Nailan_](Nailan.md) _producing a warrant for her arrest with the intent of public execution. Although this led to some disagreement in the party, our_ [_Handsome Author_](../../Player%20Characters/Thomas%20Vic.md) _and_ [_Juno_](../../Player%20Characters/Juno%20Whitfoot.md) _smuggled her out the city to safety after providing sanctuary in an old priest hole beneath_ [_Agroga's_](Agroga.md) [_tavern_](../../Locations/Carthus/Navlaan/Wanderer's%20Run.md)_. At the time, after a clash with invisible corrupted at her safe house, Katherine was corrupted and so intended to find a secluded trading caravan to take refuge in. Of course, anything involving Katherine could not be that simple._  
_The next encounter our intrepid heroes had with Katherine was in a middle-establishment tavern in_ [_Sereni_](../../Locations/Carthus/Sereni)_, on a drunken night out after smuggling themselves into the nobles district under fake names. At 4 in the morning, a child of Defiance, whom Thomas had assigned to watch over Katherine, informed a hungover Thomas that Katherine had been kidnapped. A lengthy investigation ensued that led to the_ [_Padron crime family._](../../Groups/Padron%20Family.md) [_Callidus_](../../Groups/Padron%20Family/Callidus%20Padron.md) _himself informed the party that he indeed was holding Katherine in his basement and willingly parted this information. When the party arrived however, the party was ambushed by one of_ [_Itzcoatl’s_](../../Groups/Iperos%20Coalition/Itzcoatl.md) _abominations and Katherine was seen fleeing with the Surgeon after telling the party “This was the only way”, completely uncorrupted_.  
 

**The following is from the notes of** [Juno Whitfoot](../../Player%20Characters/Juno%20Whitfoot.md):

_"Honestly I still barely know fuck-all about Katherine, but Thomas seems to like her and I'm not one to let someone die because I don't know them. Also, I dropped 500 gold pieces on finding her and I'm not letting that money go to waste._ 

_One thing I will say is that she's got some balls on her, metaphorically speaking, and I can respect that. It takes courage to stand up to the paladins like she did, and in such a bold manner too. Not to mention she **somehow** lived through getting corrupted, though I imagine that was mostly_ [_Dr. Fuckface's_](../../Groups/Iperos%20Coalition/Itzcoatl.md) _doing. Not sure how though, she was already a human bloody scorpion in Navlaan and god-knows what she looked like by the ti